---
title: "Jets Test Post"
layout: post
---
 
This is a test post from **Jet!** It was hard work to get here. Below are some of the problems I had....

## Troubleshooting

Jekyll requires Ruby 2.4 or later in order to run. While MacOS Catalina has this version installed by default, I am still using Mojave, which is only equipped with Ruby 2.3. I needed to install the correct version in order to get Jekyll working. When installing multiple versions, it is important to be specific about which version to use when and where. Different processes may rely on different version, and they all need to know where to find the right information without conflict. 

Following the instructions in the [Jekyll documentation](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/macos/), I used homebrew to install ruby, and added the specified directory to my path as instructed. The path is a part of the bash_profile file, which is like an address book for the machine, providing the locations of directories to look in for various dependent libraries, and configuring various settings. The new directory I added tells the computer to look in a particular local folder to find the Ruby instructions, but more specific addressing is needed when there are multiple versions used in different contexts. 

At this point, when I checked the version, and examined the path and environment, I was still seeing an older version of Ruby. Quite a bit of confusion could have been spared had I noticed that it was necessary to restart the terminal after installation in order to complete the Ruby update. However, missing that instruction, I assumed that the problem was one of addressing. I had the notion that I had to install the Ruby update globally rather than locally. The Jekyll documentation recommended that Mojave users install Bundle and Jekyll globally, and I assumed that those global installs were not able to access the local Ruby update. So, I did some research on Ruby installation on Mojave, and I added some more specific lines to my path to tell my machine where to get the correct code. 

This still did not yield the results that I needed, so I went back and reviewed the instructions more closely. Finally, I noticed that I had not restarted my terminal after the install, so I closed the session and opened a new one.

Here is where things really took a turn. The new terminal session did not understand any of the simple commands I was giving it. I [looked up](https://apple.stackexchange.com/questions/128592/os-x-terminal-not-recognizing-any-commands) the problem and found out why: my bash_profile file had been corrupted. In tweaking my path, I left out an important symbol that marks a word as a variable. There was only one file specified in my path before the incorrect variable, so the machine did not know where to look for the instructions for even the simplest processes. I had to remove and back up my corrupted bash_profile, and start a new terminal process to recover a working command line with a default path. Once the terminal was working again, I examined my bash_profile backup, corrected the error, and recovered my full path. 

Once I had my terminal working again, I checked the Ruby version, and it gave me the correct one! I was then able to install Bundler and Jekyll, and run a local server.

