---
title: "P2P Residency Berlin"
layout: post

# To set og:image:
# image: http://distributedweb.care/static/images/air/ari/04_Ari.png

---
 A public event by the P2P Residency - Distributed Web of Care. The event will include free skillshares on handcrafted websites, tech zines, live coding, alternative social networking protocols, artist talks led by the participants of P2P Residency. Distributed Web of Care is a collaboration initiated by Taeyoon Choi which imagines the future of the internet and what care means for a technologically-oriented future. The project focuses on personhood in relation to accessibility, identity, and the environment, with the intention of creating a distributed future that’s built with trust and care. With C/O Berlin, P2P Residency - Distributed Web of Care invited practitioners from Asia, North America and Europe to engage in a peer-to-peer collaboration for three months. Some of the participants will be onsite in Berlin to lead more collaborations, share educational resources and build community.

2022 P2P Residency participants include Max Fowler, Jake Advincula, Nami Kim, E.L. Guerrero, Bianca Aguilar, Sam Griffith, Vivian Chan, Kelsey Chen,Su Yu Hsin, Rachel Chak, Alessandro Longo, Alice Yuan Zhang, riley wong 

[C/O Digital Festival](https://co-digital.org.hato.dev/en/events/workshops-p2p)
[P2P Residency: Distributed Web of Care](https://co-digital.org/en/programs/distributed-web-of-care)

# Timeline 
 
- 12-12:30pm Welcome and introduction by Taeyoon and remote presentations  
- 12:30-1pm Performative warm-up Yuhsin Su
- 1-3pm Thank You, Garden by Nami Kim and E.L. Guerrero
- 3-4pm Memories from the Latent Space by Alessandro Alessandro Longo 
- 4-5pm Mini exhibition and feedback session


[Please complete this registration](https://forms.gle/AVKsB3dtNuPVjq889)

# Event description 

## Performative warm-up Yuhsin Su

We will have a performative warm-up session departing from our laptop screen and camera. We will use our bodies to explore the border of the technical framing of our virtual presence on the screen. Accompany by some little thought exercises, we will recalibrate the watery imaginaries of digital communication networks.

## Thank You, Garden by Nami Kim and E.L. Guerrero

Thank You, Garden is a workshop and collaborative webzine curated by P2P Distributed Web of Care residents Nami and Eloisa for the C/O Digital Festival in Berlin.
Answering the urgency and desire for a decentralised, more caring and intimate internet, the zine manifests a communal web garden where the artists share their gratitude to their hosts and fellow residents for holding a warm, collective space.
The zine will feature projects of the residents and hosts, as well as Thank You letters to each other. In the workshop, the artists will integrate HTML, CSS, and JavaScript-based live coding into the zine.
Nami is a web publisher who attempts to embrace daily sentiments in the digital interface. She publishes an experimental web page and an essay in her zine platform User Sentimental eXperience.
Eloisa is a media + software artist and developer who works with identity, memory, and nostalgia in physical and virtual spaces. She is interested in the handmade web and alternative ways of mark-making.
(The workshop’s title is taken from the children’s book, “Thank You, Garden” by Liz Garton Scanlon, that celebrates the act of growing and cultivating gardens as a community.)

## Memories from the Latent Space by Alessandro Longo 
Memories from the Latent Space is a guessing game that uses AI technologies to stimulate playful and insightful considerations around the future of our digital society. Starting with a set of quotes from different authors that touch on the topic of C/O Digital Festival and the P2P Residency, each player selects a quote and then types an inspired prompt - a textual input - into the model interface. When every player has created the image, the real game will start: each participant will try to guess to which quote the image is inspired, discussing the reasons and maybe speculating on the quote itself. If nobody guessed, the creator of the image can intervene with a personal explanation about their personal view on the connection between the image and the sentence and the reasons behind the quote’s choice. The game is also a  way to explore the Latent Space of generative models, where words and images got connected in unpredictable ways, just remotely similar to human reasoning.

## Registration 

[Please complete this registration](https://forms.gle/AVKsB3dtNuPVjq889) 
